docs: Update documentation content and toc structure for Toolkit (#236)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: README.md

# Uno Toolkit

> A set of custom controls for the UWP, WinUI, and the Uno Platform not offered out of the box by WinUI, such as Card, TabBar, NavigationBar, etc.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should start to phase out the use of UWP and just stick with WinUI going forward?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uno Toolkit provides a set of higher-level UI Controls designed specifically for multi-platform, responsive applications.
```

Author: Thanks @jeromelaban !
